Biotechnology will disrupt the way we
produce materials, chemicals and food, –
while also enabling them to be
created from renewable sources.
At VTT, we work in multidisciplinary
teams and in close collaboration –
with our clients in creating
sustainable industrial solutions.
We create cell factories that, for example,
produce the desired cell biomass, –
chemicals and proteins for enzyme,
food and pharmaceutical applications.
Our expertise extends to synthetic
biology that enables the design of –
genetic codes of organisms
for different needs.
Synthetic DNA can be
incorporated into the microbe –
to create increasingly
efficient production organisms.
We have automated systems
for investigating a wide variety –
of conditions that are needed
to achieve high performing yields.
In order to scale up the production
of chemicals and proteins, –
we focus on the research at our
state-of-the art piloting facilities.
Let’s work together to innovate
new solutions for the bioeconomy.